【让步认可】Paul对独生子女家庭的好处论述有道理。
【让步理由】的确，独生子女可以享受更多的经济支持。
【转折观点】但是，兄弟姐妹的相互支持，更有利于每个家庭成员 。
挑理由：耐久 - 分担压力和责任 - 帮助个人成长
【给出理由】
当家庭面对长期挑战，家庭成员共同承担，个人压力减小，有助个人长期发展。
【解释陈述】特别是人口老龄化，父母养老是每个家庭都要妥善解决的。
【例证细节】
人物：我在新加坡留学的同学；
起因：父母年纪大了需要照顾；
发展：哥哥在国内帮照料父母；
结果：专心完成学业顺利毕业。
【总结观点】尽管独生子女有经济优势，但长期看大家庭对个人支持更大。

It makes sense that there are some advantages for being the only child.
Indeed, the only child can enjoy more financial support.
However, several siblings in a large family can do favor for each other, which do more
merits for every family member.
When the family face long-term challenges, family members can shoulder responsibilities collectively which is helpful for personal profound development.
Especially for the reason of population aging, taking care of our elder parents is a problem every family need to solve.
For example, one of my friends studied abroad in Singapore whose parents were getting older and need looking after. His brother lent his hands to do that, so he could finish his education abroad.
Therefore, the only child has the merit of finance though, the large family do more help for personal development in the long run.


【给出观点】Andrew的观点，从个人成长的角度看有道理
【补充理由】兼职经验有助于对专业的理解，并能提供经济来源。
【解释1】低年级大学生通过本专业兼职，理解是否适合学本专业
【例证细节】记叙文六要素：时间、地点、人物、起因、发展、结果 选四个
我的计算机专业学弟，因为大一暑假兼职厌恶天天写代码，大二转专业去了机械专业，热爱新专业并取得好成绩。
【解释2】很多美国大学生有学贷，兼职可以缓解经济负担
【例证细节】机构 统计 结果
美国大学统计，超过一般的大学生背负学贷，大一暑假就兼职为了还学贷
【总结观点】虽然以学业为重，但只要能平衡时间，兼职有助于事业发展并缓解经济压力。

Andrew's perspective is reasonable, which makes sense for personal development.
Taking a part-time job helps students to accumulate working experience in his arena and relieve financial burden.
Low-grade undergraduate students can figure out whether he is suitable for his major through doing a part-time job in this field.
For example, one of my friends used to study computer science in his freshman year. He did a part-time job in that summer holiday and he coded all day, which frustrated him. So he tranfered to mechanical engineering which he really loved in his sophomore year and he made great achievements.
In addition, many students in America lent academic loan. Taking part-time can help alleviate this.
According to an institute, over half undergraduate students have academic loans, they often do a part-time job in their freshman summer holiday to pay off this loan.
In conclusion, though it's academic performance that really matters in university, if one can find a balance between part-time job and studying, it's better for one's future development and offer financial support.

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Accoring to the reading, scientists believe that Brachiosaurus were restricted to a aquatic habitat.
Nevertheless, the professor talks about that Brachiosaurus were not confined to a water habitat.
First, the professor questions the short legs which cannot support their weight in the reading. She argues that they used all their four legs together to walk which ensured by evidence found in fossils. And the tracks got by researchers of Brachiosaurus babies could even use 2 legs to walk.
Second, the reading declares that they could not raise their heads to reach leaves because of the head weight and long neck. But the professor holds a contradictory view, believing that they could set a posture like a graffie with their long front legs and short hind legs to reach branches. Also, they might move their head from head to head to get enough amount of plants.
Last, the professor rejects the reading's claim of only sticking to feeding on deep lake water. She believes that they could hardly stand in mud with their short broad feet. She states that one type of elephants which was similar to them could do this, but their bodies were totally different from Brachiosaurus. 

---------------------------------------------

There has been much discussion about when our early human ancestors were first able to control fire on a regular basis. Many archaeologists believe that some 1.6 million years ago, the early human ancestors referred to as Hominins had control over fire when they emerged from Africa. These predecessors of modern human beings could walk on two feet and were always on the move. They were hunters and gatherers who could use simple stone tools. We can logically assume that the Homo erectus species — the name we often give the first upright Hominins — had control of fire when they arrived in Europe. There are several reasons for this thinking.



First, because we know the Homo erectus species colonizing Europe had rapidly evolving bodies and relatively large brains, they would have required a steady source of energy. Heat greatly increases the nutritional quality of food. Cooked foods are more efficiently digested and boost metabolicenergy. In cold climates, the consumption of raw foods would have been an insufficient source of energy to fuel the growth and evolution of Homo erectus that took place.



Also, archaeologists have discovered traces of fireplaces and burned materials in many excavations in Europe. Although the nomadic Homo erectus did not take time to build formal hearths, the clusters of burnt materials  that have been found indicate that heating took place. For example, there are reddened sediments (showing iron oxidation), charred bone fragments and small pieces of charcoal.



Moreover, we know that during this time the temperatures in Europe routinely dropped below freezing. It would have been impossible for Homo erectus to survive in the northern latitudes of Europe during the Ice Age without relying on fire to stay warm, especially during the coldest periods of winter.




18'23''
The reading passage states that Homo erectus had the ability to control fire when arriving in Europe. However, the professor in the lecture articulates that they were not able to control fire until 400,000 years ago.
First of all, even though the professor recognizes that Homo erectus species needed a source of enery to evolve, as asserts in the reading passage, he claims that they got nutrition from various sources but not cooked food. Since the weather was cold, there were few sources of meat, rice and vegetables. But according to found fossils of them, tough teech were indicated to chew meat to obtain protein.
Secondly, the reading passage declares that evidences of burned staff were found. Whereas the professor holds a contradictory view that the existing time of these stuff did not match the time when Homo erectus species existed. He points out that these fragments and pieces of charcoal were much later in geological time. Also, they were not used for cooking but lighting.
Lastly, the professor refutes the reading's arugument that Homo erectus depended on fire to survive in freezing weather conditions. In fact, the professor argues that they exactly survive by other methods without fire. He implies that they relied on natural shelters like caves to live in. In addition, primitive clothes were made to keep themselves warm.


The reading passage states that there are many problems to widely utilize wind power in the future. However, the professor in the lecture articulates that more money will be invested to this project since they are cost-effect.

To begin with, the professor refutes the argument in the reading passage that wind generators necessitate mass land to place. On the contrary, she argues that most of them are now built on the mountains instead of lands.

Secondly, the reading passage declares that many birds and bats species are under great risk due to the development of turbines. Whereas the professor holds a contradictory view that any structures such as skyscrapers will kill flying birds. In fact, she cites that old turbines kill more birds than the one nowadays. The blade today moves so slowly that makes it easier for birds and bats to avoid.

Lastly, the professor questions the reading's assertion that landscape are destroyed by wind farms. She claims that wind turbines which can be controlled 12 miles off shore are now on the ocean, making it invisible on the land. Also, mountain tops are utilized to build them, removing exactly out from human's sight.

In conclusion, despite several positive reasons proposed in the reading passage, it can be said that the professor is against the idea that too much challenges will be encountered to use wind resources and she has valid arguments to back her position.


