Which would you recommend to build for a university to enhance its students’ living and studying condition?

1. Cafeteria. 2. Swimming Pool. 3. Expand the scale of laboratories on campus.

I think building a cafeteria will be able to enhance students' living and studying condition.

A. Great Place to Relax, enjoy harmonious atmosphere, learn something from each other
First, it will be a great place to relax. 
Students can listen to the music, drink a cup of latte and have cookies and sandwiches.
They can meet friends here and share their life stories or discuss certain topics, such as how to 
【prepare TOEFL】. 
They will not only enjoy a harmonious atmosphere, but also learn something from each other.

B. WiFi, High-speed internet connection
Second, WiFi in the cafeteria will provide high-speed internet connection.
Students can search resources and information for research paper, surf the internet, and even
watch a movie here.


【Place】Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? 
Students should always study in a quiet place.

I disagree with the statement that students should always study in a quiet place.
Insted, I prefer to study in a cafeteria.

First, I can listen to the music, drink a cup of latte and have cookies and sandwiches. I can meet friends there
and discuss certain topics, such as how to prepare TOEFL or how to deal with an assignment. I not only enjoy a
harmonious atmosphere, but also learn something from my friends. 

Second, WiFi in the cafeteria will provide high-speed internet connection. I can search resources and information
of research paper, and even watch an online course here.


【Event】Describe an activity you enjoyed doing with your family 
when you were a child. Explain why it was so enjoyable.
I enjoy going to the café with my family when I was a child.

First, it was a great place to relax. We could listen to the music, drink a cup of latte, and have cookies and sandwiches. 
We could share our family stories there, or discuss certain topics, such as how to study English. We not only enjoyed the
harmonious atmosphere, but also learned something from each other. 

Second, Wifi in the cafeteria provided high-speed Internet connection. We could search resources and information for 
research and work, surf the Internet, and even watch a movie there. Therefore, I enjoy going to the café with my family.


【Event】Which of the following activities do you consider most enjoyable 
for a Saturday afternoon? ①play sports game ②be with friends ③cook at home
I think being with friends in a café will be the most enjoyable for a Saturday afternoon.

First, it will be a great way to relax. We can listen to the music, drink a cup of latte, and have cookies and sandwiches.
We can share our life stories or discuss certain topics, such as how to prepare TOEFL. We will not only enjoy a harmonious 
atmosphere, but also learn something from each other. 

Second, Wifi in the cafeteria will provide high-speed Internet connection. We can search resources and information 
for research paper, surf the Internet, and even watch a movie together, which will be very enjoyable.



【Event】Describe something you remember in a cafe or a restaurant and explain why you remember it.
I remember the atmosphere and Wifi in a café.

First, it is a great place to relax. I can listen to the music, drink a cup of latte and have cookies and sandwiches. I can meet 
friends and share our life stories or discuss certain topics, such as how to prepare TOEFL. We will not only enjoy a harmonious 
atmosphere, but also learn something from each other. 

Second, Wifi in the cafeteria provides high-speed Internet connection. I can search resources and information for research paper, 
surf the Internet, and even watch a movie there. Therefore, the atmosphere and wifi leave a deep impression to me.


【Place】Describe your favorite room in your home. Explain why you like it so much. 

