Some people like to study in public places where there are other people around. Others prefer tp study in places
where there are few or no people around. Which kind of place do you prefer? Explain why.


I prefer to study in places where there are no people around.

A. Major in Film Production, Quiet Room to Polish Story plots, writing assignment, cafe, distracted me.
Because i'm majoring in film production[Computer Science], the study of screen writing [coding] needs a quiet room to polish the [structure of the code]story plots.
I once did a writing [coding] assignment in a cafe which embraced dozens of customers speaking aloud.
Observing different activities is a good way to [arouse my creative thinking] learn how to create a vivid character, but the public noise with dynamic background music distracted me seriously.

B. A small discussion room, better for reading books, organizing logics, writing scripts
In contrast, a small discussion room of school library where there are no people around might be a better place for reading books, organizing logicss and coding.



  I prefer to study in places where there are no people around.
  Because i'm majoring in Computer Science, the study of coding needs a quiet room to polish the framework of 
the code. I once did a coding assignment in a cafe which embraced dozens of customers speaking aloud.Observing 
different activities is a good way to arouse my creative thinking , but the public noise with dynamic background music 
distracted me seriously.
  In contrast, a small discussion room of the school library where there are no people around might be a better place for 
organizing logics and coding.



要details的说alone

[Place]Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Students should always study in a quiet place.
	I agree with the statement that student shoud always study in a quiet place.
	Take myself as an example. Because I'm majoring in .....
	In contrast, ......
[Event] Some people prefer to listen to music while they are studying or working. Others prefer to stay in a quiet 
place while they are studying or working. Which way do you prefer and why? Include reasons and details in your response.
	I prefer to stay in a quiet place while i....
	Because i'm majoring....
	in contrast......
[Event] Which of the following do you think is the most effective way of studying? A. Studying alone. B. Working with others in a group. C. Take assignments.
	group.
	many courses require ....  how to express our ideas and how to listen to others.
	working in a group enables to BS, think about a Q from diff perspectives, While , if  we study alone......
[Event] Describe a good study habit you have that is different from other students. Explain how this habit helped you. Please include reasons and details to support your response.
	My study habit is that I prefer to study in places where there are no people around.
	Because I'm majoring in CS,.....
	In contrast,
[Place] Some students prefer to study in a library. Others prefer to study at home or in dormitories. Which way do you prefer and why? Use specific reasons and examples to support your ans.
	I prefer to study in a library.
	......embraced other students speaking aloud