Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? 
Being polite is more important than telling the truth.

I think telling the truth is more important.
【A point out the mistake, speaking loudly or joking around, without hesitation.】

We should point out the mistake if someone breaks a critical rule. 

For example, when I study in the library, I always hear someone speaking loudly or 
joking around, which violates the common regulation of the library. 

As is well known, we should keep quiet in the library. 

In this case, I will go directly to them and suggest they lower their voice without hesitation. 

Even though my behavior may be a little bit impolite and disrespectful, I believe it is necessary 
to maintain the principle and tell the truth.


【】Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? 
It is not acceptable to interrupt people when they are talking.
I think it is acceptable to interrupt people..

We should point out the mistake if someone breaks a critical rule. 
For example, when I study in the library, I always hear someone speaking 
loudly or joking around, which violates the common regulation of the library. 
As is well known, we should keep quiet in the library. 
In this case, I will go directly to them and suggest they lower their voice without hesitation. 
Even though my behavior may be a little bit impolite and disrespectful, 
I believe it is necessary to maintain the principle and tell the truth.

【】Some people think humor can deal with contradiction much more easily, 
but others think it's a better way to be serious. What do you think about it?
I think it is better to be serious to deal with contradiction..

We should point out the mistake if someone breaks a critical rule. For example, 
when I study in the library, I always hear someone speaking loudly or joking around, 
which violates the common regulation of the library. As is well known, we should keep 
quiet in the library. In this case, I will go directly to them and suggest they lower their 
voice without hesitation. Even though my behavior may be a little bit impolite and disrespectful, 
I believe it is necessary to maintain the principle and tell the truth.

【】If you have some disagreements with your friends or family members, will you choose to convince 
them to accept your opinion or respect the differences?
I think telling the truth is more important.we should point out the mistake if someone breaks a critical rule. 

For example, when I study in the library, I always hear someone speaking loudly or joking around, 
which violates the common regulation of the library. As is well known, we should keep quiet in the library. 
In this case, I will go directly to them and suggest they lower their voice without hesitation. Even though my 
behavior may be a little bit impolite and disrespectful, I believe it is necessary to maintain the principle and tell the truth.

【】Describe the most important decision that you have ever made. Please include specific details in your answer.
The most important decision that I have made is that I always point out the mistake if someone breaks a critical rule. 

For example, when I study in the library, I always hear someone speaking loudly or joking around, which violates the 
common regulation of the library. As is well known, we should keep quiet in the library. In this case, I will go directly to 
them and suggest they lower their voice without hesitation. Even though my behavior may be a little bit impolite and 
disrespectful, I believe it is necessary to maintain the principle and tell the truth.

【】Some people prefer to communicate with others loudly in the library, while others think it is better to study silently 
in the library. Which do you prefer?
I think it is better to study silently in the library. 

For example, when I study in the library, I always hear someone speaking loudly or joking around, which violates the 
common regulation of the library. As is well known, we should keep quiet in the library. In this case, I will go directly 
to them and suggest they lower their voice without hesitation. Even though my behavior may be a little bit impolite 
and disrespectful, I believe it is necessary to maintain the principle and keep silent in the library.
